Update dashboard documentation for memory plot, fix #9433 (#9768)
dask/dask: docs/source/dashboard.rst

Bytes Stored and Bytes per Worker
---------------------------------

The following code is given to show the setting of the following example.

 .. code-block:: python

    import dask
    import distributed

    dask.config.set(
        {
            "distributed.worker.memory.max_spill": "250 MiB",
            "distributed.worker.memory.terminate": False,
        }
    )

    c = distributed.Client(
        threads_per_worker=4, n_workers=4, memory_limit="4 GiB"
    )

> 

Reviewer: I don't see the purpose of this code snippet; I think it's needlessly confusing for the reader and doesn't add any value.

Author: Okay, @crusaderky , removing the code snippet from there.

    <table>
        <tr>

>             <th colspan="2">For individual worker bars</th>

Reviewer 2: This part seems a bit repetitive and I think we want to avoid mentioning specific numbers like 250MiB. 

I think we can consolidate everything in column. 

This is how it renders. 
![Screen Shot 2023-01-09 at 2 36 45 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7526622/211394702-491ae5dc-3112-4b3b-9dd7-ac25206fffa0.png)

Author: Updated it as written the description in only one column only, as suggested.

            <th colspan="2">For cluster bar</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="blue square" style="color:rgba(0, 0, 255, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>
            <td>Memory under target threshold (In above example - 250MiB)</td>
            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="blue square" style="color:rgba(0, 0, 255, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>
            <td>Memory under target threshold (In above example - 250MiB)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="orange square" style="color:rgba(255, 165, 0, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>

>             <td> Memory is close to the spilling to disk target (default above 50% of memory available)</td>

Reviewer 2: There is something going on with then indentation here as it displays a bit off. See the color doesn't start with the sentence, this might get fixed if we use just one column.

Author: Okay @ncclementi, I am updating the document and try to add the information in one column only as previously.

Author: Updated the description and tried to match as before in one column, and updated the percentage as of now, If find

            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="orange square" style="color:rgba(255, 165, 0, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>

>             <td> Memory is close to the spilling to disk target by at least one worker - (default above 50% of memory available)</td>

Reviewer 2: @crusaderky did the 70% targe default change? Can you verify how the default values relate to the color description here?

Reviewer: It used to turn yellow at 50%; it's now at target: https://github.com/dask/distributed/pull/6959

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="red square" style="color:rgba(255, 0, 0, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>
            <td>When it pauses or enters its retirement stage - above 100% target threshold</td>
            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="red square" style="color:rgba(255, 0, 0, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>
            <td>When at least one worker paused or in retiring stage - above 100% of target threshold</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="grey square" style="color:rgba(128, 128, 128, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>
            <td>Memory spilled to disk</td>
            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="grey square" style="color:rgba(128, 128, 128, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>
            <td>Memory spilled to disk</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

.. figure:: images/dashboard_memory_new.gif

>     :alt: Two bar charts on memory usage. The top chart shows the total cluster memory in a single bar with mostly under target memory - changing to colours according to memory usage, (blue - under target, orange - Memory is about to be spilled (above 50%), red - paused or in retirement stage (above 100%), and a small part of spilled to disk in grey. The bottom chart displays the memory usage per worker, with a separate bar for each of the 4 workers. The four bars are can be seen in various colours as in blue when under target, orange as their worker's memory are close to the spilling to disk target, with the second and fourth worker standing out with a portion in grey that correspond to the amount spilled to disk, also fourth worker in red is paused or about to retire. also all worker be seen as orange at a time when all are above the 50% of target memory spiiled amount.

Reviewer 2: - typo in last sences "spiiled" -> "spilled"
- I think the percentages here are a bit off. Asking the person that worked on this for advice.

Author: I have updated the correct spelling for spilled. and updated the description.

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="red square" style="color:rgba(255, 0, 0, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>

>             <td>When at least one worker paused or in retiring stage - above 100% of target threshold</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>When the worker (or at least one worker) is paused (default 80% of memory available) or retiring</td>
```

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div role="img" aria-label="grey square" style="color:rgba(128, 128, 128, 1); font-size: 25px ">&#9632;</div>
            </td>
            <td>Memory spilled to disk</td>
        </tr>
    </table>
    
.. figure:: images/dashboard_memory_new.gif

>     :alt: Two bar charts on memory usage. The top chart shows the total cluster memory in a single bar with mostly under target memory - changing to colours according to memory usage, (blue - under target, orange - Memory is about to be spilled, red - paused or in retirement stage, and a small part of spilled to disk in grey. The bottom chart displays the memory usage per worker, with a separate bar for each of the 4 workers. The four bars are can be seen in various colours as in blue when under target, orange as their worker's memory are close to the spilling to disk target, with the second and fourth worker standing out with a portion in grey that correspond to the amount spilled to disk, also fourth worker in red is paused or about to retire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :alt: Two bar charts on memory usage. The top chart shows the total cluster memory in a single bar with mostly under target memory - changing colors according to memory usage, (blue - under target, orange - Memory is about to be spilled, red - paused or retiring, and a small part of spilled to disk in grey. The bottom chart displays the memory usage per worker, with a separate bar for each of the four workers. The four bars can be seen in various colours as in blue when under target, orange as their worker's memory are close to the spilling to disk target, with the second and fourth worker standing out with a portion in grey that correspond to the amount spilled to disk, also fourth worker in red is paused or about to retire.
```
